zapier-build: add page (#14177)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/zapier-build.md

# zapier build

> > Build a push-able `zip` of a Zapier integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Build a pushable `zip` of a Zapier integration.
```
